Good afternoon
I am from Ukraine, the city of Khmelnitsky, where are you
from Russia,
and where do you need the
Lower Kuranakh of Yakutia
?
I'm from home Why are Russians so afraid
here I am the city of Khmelnitsky Ukraine
that we are afraid like to look for which
region I asked you this why
I'm interested you don't ask Why did you
say where you need to And why I'm
interested in the geography of the people with whom I
talked  what is the problem from Khabarovsk everything is
super then it’s almost morning
or night
you are asking why I don’t
understand I just hang a sign of questions
that I have to ask this is not to
define question
number three like this and that you
don’t have light in Khabarovsk why  we don’t
have electricity, I have it, because ours still
bang you at the power plant, they
turned off the light,
yes.
You see,
without gas
, sit in the dark.
you’re already rejoicing that they gave you the Light It’s cool well Light, you know the light at the end of the tunnel like yes Of course it’s cool you voted for fun remember No I don’t remember in short, he gives the stars of the President of Russia, who, near Kyiv, under the Kharkiv fire on blueberries, Russian Russian troops entered the Zhytomyr region and then for some reason ran away. regions received stars in the Kyiv region received stars in Sumy in Chernihiv in Mykolaiv region in Kherson received stars in Kharkiv region receives viewers now preparing to receive Zaporozhye region and also on the Black Sea received stars so tell us how you got it right like this you got it you know So you have nothing to say like there is nothing See them at  we went like this here we go Russians
cheers our cheers came when they left Tell us they
ran away they didn’t leave they ran away Yes,
why am I here Well Let’s tell us
your version, they just showed us the
created Russian captured equipment
Yes, there is such a site, it directly fixes
all these losses of yours, not just according to words
fix And by the way, in Makiivka
it was on New Year's Eve
Tell
artillery was given by planes
and I'm Kind today Please tell me
your fetid Bucha your armed
forces went into a storm two days
after our Armed Forces left the
settlement again the question is what is the question
How  so your armed forces
entered the settlement of Bucha and
organized corpses and everything else there
two days later, as our
Russian armed forces left, it’s very
simple about organizing a pipe. These are your
fakes. And why, after 2 days, they
entered Kherson in two days  because
reconnaissance groups come in first
because sappers can mine  They come
to check it, yes, some one demolished It's
elementary, but for this you need to
have brains Now tell me
I answered your three questions for three
Now I'm asking you a question Tell
me Tell me I answered three of your
questions you burn out
Why did you leave  from under all these areas
That's why Russia left all these areas
[laugh]
storyteller Damn tell me your fairy tale the
real thing sound I'll add let's
go Tell me why Russia left all
these areas voluntarily
[music]
fairy tale type of [ __ ]
Tell the reality Why Russia left
from all these areas
[applause]
burnt burnt grandpa can
you imagine you are already boasting that they give you light it’s
really cool
tell me your version I asked you a question
No
look I answered your three questions
and asked you a simple question Tell
your version of why then the Russians left
voluntarily  from all these regions.
Tell me, they didn’t even go in; they almost went to the
Nikolaev region near Nikolai
Nikolaev region near NikolaiHere’s the geography, look at the navigator I’m telling Come on, Google was in the Istanbul agreements, still there you don’t interrupt me, you fool, I’m not listening to you Google What is the Istanbul agreement there and agreed the Russian army that the Russian army stops active hostilities in the Kyiv region in Chernihiv and Sumy and Russia undertook to withdraw troops from there And you are a fool if this is an agreement Why are you a [ __ ] [ __ ] catch our missiles bastards don’t run away troops And what Ukraine should have done in return turns out Russia only withdraws withdraws withdraws its troops Ukraine does nothing everything [laughter] grandfather turned on the sirens for me, like I thought I’d give it to me, so I love the stitching of the bike, these were the Istanbul agreements that they leave there Well if there were dogs
agreement, they have obligations of some several parties if Russia undertook to withdraw from the Kyiv Chernigov Zhytomyr Sumy region, and then what Ukraine was supposed to do according to these Istanbul agreements. I think I don’t know that there were agreements. just the Ukrainian delegation says Let's conclude such an agreement Ukrainian delegation the Ukrainian side undertakes to give the Russians Unrealistic stars in these areas, and the Russian Federation undertakes as a result of these to voluntarily withdraw its troops to the territory of the Russian Federation The Russian Federation liked such agreements, they also concluded them again in the Kharkiv region, they come and say such chinons and khokhols, let us like your agreements so much, here in Kiev this news Let's you give us Kharkiv more  we’re taking away the
Kharkiv region We’re like that Damn
let’s It’s cool in short the
Russians like it Damn let’s do it in
Kherson so
all these little Russians who say that
Yes there were agreements say so
If you withdrew your troops according to the agreements
And what did you get in return  what
you were supposed to get under these
agreements in return if you just
all the agreements seams Just dump you
suckers it turns out this is not an agreement
It was you who was sent
I love I love
including think to know now we smelling the
siren God Why posters grandfather Turn off the
simple us sinful Ukrainians so
delivering varnishes and  everything suits you broadcast
delivery likes